# Data-Visualization-challenge
 I worked on this assignment that is broken down into the following tasks:
 
 	1. Prepared the data.
        2. Generated summary statistics.
	3. Created bar charts and pie charts.
        4. Calculated quartiles, found outliers, and created a box plot.
	5. Created a line plot and a scatter plot.
        6. Calculated correlation and regression.
 	7. Submitted final analysis.
 
## Resources:
	
	The work database was Pymaceuticals, Inc. and the background is described in this module is the following:
   	“You've just joined Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specializes in anti-cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.
   	As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.
   	The executive team has tasked you with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study. They have also asked you for a top-level summary of the study results.”
  
   ### Specific resources were helped with analysis:
   
   #### Database:
    
   	1. Mouse_metadata.csv
    
   	2. Study_results.csv
  	
   	Jupyter Notebook file:
    
   	3. pymaceuticals_starter.ipynb
 
  #### Also, I used the following tools or methods:
    	1. matplotlib
    	2. pandas
    	3. scipy.stats as st
    	4. seaborn
    	5. scipy.stats
    	6. sklearn.linear_model
    	7. numpy
 	
## References:
	Data generated by MockarooLinks to an external site., LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator.

     
